Fix #20013: Unicode combining-mark support in speech dictionaries (#20027)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

This is more noticeable for Windows releases which are enablement packages on top of an earlier release such as Windows 11 2025 Update based on Windows 11 2024 Update. (#19802, @josephsl)
* Math navigation commands now support input help, on-demand speech mode, and can be remapped. (#19871, @RyanMcCleary)
* The "COM Registration Fixing Tool" has been renamed to "System Accessibility Repair Tool" for clarity. (#19622, @bramd)

> * Added an Advanced setting to opt Regular expression speech dictionary entries into a more modern `[regex](https://pypi.org/project/regex/)` engine, providing Unicode-aware `\w` and `\b` and additional regex features. The setting is disabled by default. (#20013, @LeonarddeR)

Reviewer: @Qchristensen - thoughts on these formatting suggestions? e.g.

* captialising "Speech Dictionary" (we don't currently do that)
* quoting "Whole word"/"Regular expression" entry types (we do that sometimes)

```suggestion
* Added an Advanced setting to opt "Regular expression" Speech Dictionary entries into a more modern `[regex](https://pypi.org/project/regex/)` engine.
This provides Unicode-aware `\w` and `\b` and additional regex features.
The setting is disabled by default. (#20013, @LeonarddeR)
```

Reviewer 2: In the What's new file, Speech dictionary has both words capitalised three times, just the S twice but both at the start of a sentence, and no capitals 8 times.  Similarly, in the user guide, it gets 7 mentions, only with a capital when it is a heading, so I suggest no capitals for that.

Regular expression is mentioned 9 times in the what's new and 8 times in the user guide and only gets quotes once, so again, I would leave the quotes off.  But I would go with the rest of the suggestions here.

Author: ```suggestion
* Added an advanced setting to opt regular expression speech dictionary entries into a more modern `[regex](https://pypi.org/project/regex/)` engine.
This provides Unicode-aware `\w` and `\b` and additional regex features.
The setting is disabled by default. (#20013, @LeonarddeR)
```

* Decorative Unicode letters such as negative squared, negative circled, and regional indicator symbol characters are now normalized to their base Latin letters when Unicode normalization is enabled. (#19608, @bramd)
* NVDA no longer crashes when the Add-on Store download directory cannot be cleaned up due to file permission errors. (#19202, @christopherpross)
* Fixed NVDA freezing when navigating in JetBrains IDEs. (#16741, @christopherpross)

> * Speech dictionary entries of type Whole word now correctly handle words containing Unicode combining marks (e.g. Hebrew niqqud, Arabic harakat). (#20013, @LeonarddeR)
>   * In particular, Whole word entries no longer incorrectly match inside larger words when those words contain combining marks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Speech Dictionary entries of type "Whole word" now correctly handle words containing Unicode combining marks (e.g. Hebrew niqqud, Arabic harakat). (#20013, @LeonarddeR)
  * In particular, "Whole word" entries no longer incorrectly match inside larger words when those words contain combining marks.
```

Reviewer 2: For the same reason as above I'd probably leave out the quotes, though in both cases, they're not wrong and don't make the meaning unclear, so I'm not entirely against them.

Author: So I guess this is good as is?
